(staff murmuring)
GUYS.
I SWEAR, I DID NOT ASK
FOR SPECIAL TREATMENT.
SO YOU DIDN'T MENTION
ANYTHING TO DANIEL?
WELL, I...
I MEAN, I GAVE HIM AN UPDATE.
BUT I DIDN'T ASK
FOR THE ARTICLE.
LIAR!
GET THE LIAR
WHO SPREADS THE LIES!
("The Stampede" from Broadway's
"The Lion King" playing)
♪♪♪
AAH!
GO FOR HER FLESHY MIDDLE!
SORRY, BETTY.
I'LL JUST AIM FOR A CANKLE.
(both blow air)
(darts whoosh and thud)
♪♪♪
I'LL AIM FOR THE HEART.
IT'LL ONLY HURT
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
(bang)
(slow‐motion whooshing)
(gasps)
(arrows whooshing)
♪♪♪
I SURRENDER! AAH!
AAH!
(all laugh)
♪♪♪
(crunches)
OH!
WELL, BOYS AND GIRLS,
LOOKS LIKE WE
CAUGHT OURSELVES A MEATY ONE.
WE'RE GONNA EAT GOOD TONIGHT.
(laughing)
WHO'S IN THE MOOD
FOR SOME CARNITAS?
BETTY, IT DID NOT HAPPEN
LIKE THAT AT ALL.
OKAY, MAYBE I'M
OVEREXAGGERATING A LITTLE,
BUT MY GLASSES
DID BREAK, LOOK.
(Hilda) AY, THEN MAYBE YOU'LL
FINALLY GET SOME NEW ONES.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH THESE?
I'VE BEEN WEARING THEM
SINCE HIGH SCHOOL.
I LOVE THESE GLASSES.
ALL I'M SAYING IS, I FEEL LIKE
I'M UNDER ATTACK AT WORK.
IT'S LIKE,
MATT, MARC, MEGAN‐‐
ANYONE WHOSE NAME
STARTS WITH A "MUH."
SOUNDS LIKE DANIEL'S
LOOKING OUT FOR YOU.
YEAH, AND HIS NAME
STARTS WITH A "DUH."
IT FEELS LIKE THINGS HAVE GOTTEN
WORSE SINCE DANIEL GOT BACK.
I MEAN, I WAS FINALLY
STARTING TO FIT IN.
I KNOW HIS HEART
WAS IN THE RIGHT PLACE,
BUT HE JUST CAME
AND SCREWED IT ALL UP.
LOOK AT IT THIS WAY‐‐
A FEW DAYS AGO,
YOU WERE WORRIED YOU HAD
NO ALLIES AND NO ASSIGNMENTS.
NOW THAT DANIEL'S BACK,
YOU GOT BOTH.
PAPI, YOU ARE MISSING
THE POINT. NO, NO, NO.
YOU NEED TO TELL DANIEL
TO BACK THAT TRUCK UP,
THAT YOU CAN TAKE CARE
OF YOURSELF. HELLO.
WELL, HE JUST LOST HIS WIFE.
I MEAN,
THAT'S A LITTLE HARSH, NO?
OKAY, WELL,
THEN YOU CAN KISS FITTING IN
AT YOUR NEW JOB GOOD‐BYE.
(Amanda) SO I WAS
AT THE GATES LAST NIGHT,
AND THAT DAD FROM
"JON & KATE PLUS 8" WAS THERE‐‐
I THINK HIS NAME'S BEN‐‐
ANYWAY, HE WAS TOTALLY
HITTING ON ME, OF COURSE.
AND P. S., "PLUS 8"?
MORE LIKE "PLUS 4."
UM, BLONDRE THE GIANT
IS OVER THERE.
I THINK SHE WANTS TO
TALK TO YOU.
I CHOOSE TO IGNORE
THE ELDERLY.
O.M.G.! THE GATES?
I WAS THERE
LAST NIGHT, TOO.
DID YOU SEE BEN
FROM "JON & KATE PLUS 8"?
OH, SO SAD‐‐
OLD AND CRAZY.
(whispers) DON'T WORRY.
IT'LL ALL BE OVER SOON!
OOH, HE'S HOT.
BY THE WAY,
SERGE, THAT BOUNCER?
LITTLE HANDSY. (laughs)
I KNOW.
I KINDA LIKED IT.
(gasps) ME, TOO.
UH‐HUH.
HEY.
OLD PEOPLE
USUALLY FRIGHTEN ME,
'CAUSE THEY REMIND ME
OF DEATH AND ALL...
MM‐HMM.
BUT I LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE LIKE A GIANT,
KNOBBY SHADE TREE.
THANKS. (chuckles)
ANYWAY, UM, CAN YOU TELL ME
WHERE
DANIEL ME‐A‐DEE'S OFFICE IS?
I'M SUPPOSED TO BE HIS TEMP.
I CAN DO YOU ONE BETTER.
I CAN TAKE YOU TO THE CLOSET
WHERE WE CAN STEAL CLOTHES.
OH, MY GOD.
I WORSHIP YOU. (laughs)
DAMN IT.
(clicking)
DAMN IT!
OH!
BETTY, HEY.
HOW'S MY FAVORITE
ASSOCIATE EDITOR THIS MORNING?
UM, BETTER THAN YOUR STAPLER.
AND, YOU KNOW, DANIEL,
THERE ARE A LOT OF REALLY
GREAT EDITORS AROUND HERE.
YOU PROBABLY SHOULDN'T HAVE
ANY FAVORITES.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU ARE RIGHT.
SO ABOUT YOUR MEETING
YESTERDAY‐‐
YEAH, WASN'T THAT GREAT?
I AM SO STOKED TO BE BACK.
IT JUST FEELS GOOD TO BE
INVOLVED AGAIN, YOU KNOW‐‐
HELPING OUT, HELPING YOU.
YEAH. YAY. HELPING ME.
SO... READY FOR YOUR
BIG PITCH MEETING?
I'M SURE YOU'RE GONNA
KNOCK IT OUT OF THE PARK.
OH, LOOK AT THAT!
WE ARE GONNA BE LATE. COME ON.
UM, WE?
WAIT, DANIEL.
YOU DON'T USUALLY GO TO
DEPARTMENT PITCH MEETINGS.
WELL, I'VE BEEN KNOWN
TO MAKE AN APPEARANCE.
BESIDES, I CAN'T MISS
YOUR FIRST ONE, CAN I?
(sighs)
I‐I REALLY APPRECIATE
YOU WANTING TO HELP ME.
IT'S JUST, I DON'T WANT
TO GET A REPUTATION,
YOU KNOW, FOR BEING
"DANIEL'S GIRL."
NOW WAIT. WHO THE HELL IS
CALLING YOU "DANIEL'S GIRL"?
NO! NO, NO ONE.
I JUST‐‐I JUST WANT
TO KEEP IT THAT WAY.
YOU KNOW, PEOPLE AROUND HERE
CAN BE ROUGH.
YEAH, I GET IT.
I MEAN... (sighs)
BACK WHEN MY FATHER, SISTER
AND MOTHER ALL WORKED HERE,
I‐I USED TO WORRY THAT
PEOPLE THOUGHT I GOT
PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT, TOO.
YEAH. YEAH, RIGHT.
IT'S‐‐THAT'S EXACTLY IT.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
I'LL KEEP MY DISTANCE.
GOOD LUCK IN THERE.
OH!
(staff murmuring)
OKAY.
GLITTERED CLEAVAGE?
REALLY, MARISSA?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
BETTER THAN THAT.
NO, I DIDN'T. GO.
I CAN'T EVEN LOOK AT YOU.
WELL, I THINK WE CAN ALL AGREE
THAT THE BEAUTY DEPARTMENT
REALLY CRAPPED THE SHEETS.
FEATURES,
I HOPE YOU CAN DO BETTER.
WELL, UH, BETTY
IS OUR NEWEST EDITOR.
I'M SURE
SHE'S DYING TO PITCH.
OKAY, UH...
SO I'VE BEEN DOING RESEARCH
ON AN AMAZING WOMAN
WHO DOES VERY INTRICATE
INSECT JEWELRY.
OH, STOP.
"ELLE" DID A PIECE ON
DRAGONFLY BROOCHES LAST YEAR.
OH. UH...
IS SOMEONE NOT DOING
THEIR HOMEWORK?
PEOPLE, I WANT YOU
TO THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX.
BE BOLDER!
PREFERABLY, AN ORIGINAL IDEA,
IF THAT'S NOT
TOO MUCH TO ASK.
NOW, BETTY,
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE,
I WANT BIGGER FROM YOU.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE?
♪♪♪
YOU WANT TO HEAR
ANOTHER IDEA, WHICH IS OKAY,
BECAUSE I HAVE
A WHOLE BUNCH OF THEM. UM...
(rustling)
(thinking) OKAY, OKAY.
I HAVE TO SAY SOMETHING.
SO, WHAT? UH, MOSQUITO NETTING,
MALARIA.
NO, DON'T SAY "MALARIA."
WILHELMINA HATES MALARIA.
NOW I CAN'T GET IT OUT
OF MY HEAD! MALARIA, MALARIA,
MALARIA, MALARIA.
BETTY, WE'RE WAITING.
SORRY. I JUST HAVE TO,
UM, ORGANIZE MY NOTES.
OOPS.
DON'T SAY "MALARIA."
DON'T SAY...
MALARIA!
OH, DEAR GOD.
NO!
WAIT. SEE, THE UNITED NATIONS
HAS THIS PROGRAM
WHERE THEY PROMOTE BED NETTING
TO STOP THE SPREADING OF MALARIA
IN THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES.
IT'S CALLED "NOTHING BUT NETS."
IT'S VERY CLEVER, RIGHT?
YOU'RE NOT GONNA STOP,
ARE YOU?
WHAT IF WE GOT A BIG DESIGNER
TO MAKE A SERIES OF DRESSES
OUT OF THE BED NETTING
MATERIAL?
AND‐‐AND THE U. N.
WILL LET PEOPLE SHOOT THERE
IF THEY PROMOTE AWARENESS
OF ONE OF THEIR INITIATIVES.
OKAY.
IT'S A WIN‐WIN, REALLY.
SEE, WE LOOK GREAT,
WE'RE PROMOTING A GREAT CAUSE.
IT'S ONLY $10 TO BUY A NET
AND SAVE A LIFE. I MEAN‐‐
I SAID OKAY!
DON'T MAKE ME TAKE IT BACK
BECAUSE THE SOUND OF YOUR VOICE
IS ANNOYING ME.
SORRY.
(sighs)
ALL RIGHT,
I'M DONE WITH YOU.
(staff murmuring)
PUSH ALL MY AFTERNOON MEETINGS
TO NEXT WEEK.
I AM GOING HOME.
AND I'M GETTING
A PEDICURE.
OH!
AH! AND A MANICURE.
MS. SLATER?
MY NAME IS OSCAR CASTELAR.
I'M INVESTIGATING
THE DISAPPEARANCE
OF JONATHAN VIEJA.
I BELIEVE HE'S DATING
YOUR DAUGHTER‐‐
OR HE WAS
BEFORE HE DISAPPEARED.
I'M SORRY,
MR. CASTELAR.
DID YOU SAY YOU WERE
WITH THE POLICE?
NO.
I'M A PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR.
JONATHAN'S FAMILY IN MADRID
HIRED ME TO FIND HIM.
WELL, WHY DIDN'T THEY
CALL THE POLICE?
THEY DID.
BUT THE AMERICAN POLICE THINK
HE'S NO LONGER ON U. S. SOIL.
HIS FAMILY SUSPECTS OTHERWISE.
THAT'S WHERE I COME IN.
WELL, WHERE DO I COME IN?
I'D LOVE TO GET A CHANCE TO ASK
YOUR DAUGHTER SOME QUESTIONS
ABOUT WHEN SHE
LAST SAW JONATHAN.
I'M NOT SURE
WE CAN BE OF ANY HELP.
SHE HASN'T SEEN THAT BOY
IN QUITE A WHILE.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED,
MS. SLATER.
SOMETIMES THE SMALLEST DETAIL
CAN BLOW A CASE WIDE OPEN.
SO HOW ABOUT TOMORROW?
(sighs)
HEY THERE.
I SAID, HEY THERE.
(sighs)
(clears throat)
SO WHAT, YOU'RE NOT
TALKING TO ME NOW?
WHAT GAVE IT AWAY,
THE NOT TALKING PART?
HEY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU TOLD MARC
NOT TO TALK TO ME.
YOU'RE MAD AT ME ABOUT THAT?
I SHOULD BE MAD AT YOU.
YOU LIED TO ME.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
THAT SOMEBODY AT SCHOOL
WAS PICKING ON YOU?
HE TOLD YOU?!
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
BUT WHY DO I HAVE TO HEAR IT
FROM SOMEBODY ELSE?
WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOU?
(sighs)
JUSTIN, DON'T WALK AWAY
FROM ME. JUSTIN!
SWEETIE, LOOK, I KNOW
HOW HARD HIGH SCHOOL IS.
DO YOU THINK IT WAS EASY BEING
PREGNANT AND GOING TO CLASSES?
WELL, SKIPPING CLASSES.
BUT EVERYBODY TELLING ME
I WAS GETTING FAT‐‐
SO WHAT? DO YOU THINK
THAT HAS ANYTHING TO DO
WITH WHAT I'M GOING THROUGH?
I'M JUST SAYING, YOU CAN TALK
TO ME. I UNDERSTAND.
(sighs)
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME
AT ALL.
(sighs)
(door slams)
BESIDES, YOU HATE MOSQUITOES,
WE HATE MOSQUITOES‐‐
EVERYBODY WINS,
EXCEPT THE MOSQUITOES. (laughs)
YES, I'LL HOLD.
WOW. LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE THAT U. N. THING HAPPEN.
I'M TRYING.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU STILL HAVE SOME
OFFICE DECOR VIOLATIONS.
I THOUGHT I'D HELP OUT. DON'T
WANT YOU TO GET WRITTEN UP.
(rubber duck squeaks)
I CAN TAKE CARE OF IT.
YES, HI.
REALLY? OH, WELL, THAT'S,
UH, THAT'S AMAZING NEWS.
UM, YES, WE WERE THINKING,
UH, SOMETIME NEXT WEEK?
TOMORROW?
HI, MATT.
ARE YOU BUSY?
LOOK, I KNOW WE'RE NOT
EXACTLY ON THE BEST TERMS‐‐
GIVEN THAT YOU HATE ME
AND ALL‐‐
BUT I HAVE
AN EENSY‐WEENSY LITTLE PROBLEM
WITH THE U. N. SHOOT.
IT HAS TO HAPPEN TOMORROW.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YES. IT'S THE ONLY DAY
THEY CAN GIVE US
ONE OF THE COUNCIL ROOMS.
I'VE ALREADY CALLED ABOUT
GETTING INTERNATIONAL MODELS,
AND I SPOKE TO ROBERTO DiPAOLO.
HE AGREED TO DESIGN THE DRESSES,
EVEN WITH THE TIGHT TURNAROUND.
GREAT.
SO HE THOUGHT HE WAS SIGNING UP
FOR SOMETHING LONG‐TERM
AND ENDED UP WITH SOMETHING
SHORT‐TERM. I CAN RELATE.
NOT ONE OF YOUR BEST SLAMS,
BUT OKAY.
ARE WE DONE HERE?
NO.
LOOK, IF THIS IS GONNA
HAPPEN BY TOMORROW, THEN...
I NEED THE HELP
OF THE ENTIRE DEPARTMENT.
OH, SO... (clears throat)
YOU WANT ME‐‐
OH, MATT, PLEASE DON'T
MAKE THIS ABOUT YOU AND ME.
THIS IS ABOUT WHAT'S BEST
FOR THE MAGAZINE.
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU'RE RIGHT.
SO BETTY NEEDS YOU TO DROP
EVERYTHING YOU ARE WORKING ON
TO HELP HER WITH
WHAT SHE'S WORKING ON.
AS USUAL, EVERYTHING IS ABOUT
WHAT BETTY WANTS.
THANK YOU FOR THAT,
MATT. (chuckles)
I LIKE TO THINK OF THIS
AS A TEAM EFFORT.
AND THERE'S NO "I" IN TEAM,
UNLESS YOU SPELL IT "T‐E‐I‐M."
(Betty chuckles)
ANYWAY, UH, YOU ALL KNOW
THE BASIC CONCEPT‐‐
MALARIA, MOSQUITOES.
BUT WE'RE AT A FASHION MAGAZINE,
RIGHT? SO STILL HAPPY.
THERE'S A LOT OF WORK
TO BE DONE BEFORE TOMORROW,
SO EXPECT TO BE HERE LATE.
BUT THE GOOD NEWS IS,
COFFEE'S ON ME!
(cell phone rings)
(rings and beeps)
BETTY SUAREZ.
YEAH, IS THIS, UH,
DANIEL MEADE'S ASSISTANT?
UM, NOPE. NOT ANYMORE, ACTUALLY.
NOW... WHATEVER.
WHAT'S‐‐WHAT'S WRONG? IS‐‐
IS EVERYTHING OKAY? WHO IS THIS?
BUILDING SECURITY.
I THINK WE MAY HAVE
A SITUATION WITH MR. MEADE.
(grunts)
STUPID...
BETTY, I KNOW. IT'S JUST...
TAHITI WAS WHERE
MOLLY AND I WERE SUPPOSED TO GO
ON OUR HONEYMOON.
I JUST‐‐I HAVE TO SEE
THAT STUPID AD
EVERYWHERE IN THIS CITY.
IT JUST‐‐THERE IT WAS,
RIGHT IN FRONT OF "MODE."
I‐I JUST‐‐I LOST IT.
WELL, YOU ARE SURROUNDED BY
THINGS THAT REMIND YOU OF MOLLY.
NO, I KNOW, BETTY.
I‐I KNOW.
GOD, HOW COULD
I HAVE BEEN SO S‐‐
(thud)
(grunts)
OKAY, UM...
LET'S MAYBE NOT
HIT THINGS ANYMORE.
LOOK, WE CAN FIND YOU
ANOTHER PLACE TO STAY.
NO. I DON'T NEED
LOOK, I'M SORRY YOU HAD TO
BRING ME HOME. I APOLOGIZE.
I HADN'T SEEN MY TEMP
ALL DAY, OKAY?
DANIEL,
I'M HAPPY TO HELP.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE
I CAN DO?
NO, NOTHING.
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
BESIDES,
YOU NEED TO GO TO WORK.
YEAH, UM...
WELL... (sighs)
YOU PROBABLY
SHOULDN'T BE ALONE.
UM...
I COULD CALL YOUR MOM.
NO. LOOK, SHE JUST WORRIES.
OKAY, GO. I'M GONNA BE FINE.
DANIEL, YOU'RE CRYING.
NO, IT'S THESE
STUPID ALLERGIES. I JUST...
(thud)
DANIEL!
SON OF A BITCH!
(crash)
(sighs)
I HAVEN'T BEEN SLEEPING...
AT ALL.
JUST A LITTLE ON EDGE.
YEAH, I KNOW.
IT'S JUST...
(sighs)
I'M USED TO BEING IN THE ROOM
WITH SOMEONE.
AND WITHOUT THAT...
(voice breaks)
IT'S‐‐IT'S PRETTY QUIET.
UM...
JUST GIVE ME ONE SECOND.
(sighs)
(sighs) BETTY, BETTY,
WHERE ARE YOU?
I'VE GOT A ROOM
FULL OF PEOPLE HERE
WAITING FOR YOU
TO GO OVER YOUR CONCEPT.
I'M GONNA BE
A LITTLE LATE.
WHAT, WHAT?!
SOMETHING CAME UP
WITH DANIEL.
OH, WHAT A SHOCK.
YOU'RE BAILING ON SOMETHING
THAT I THOUGHT WAS IMPORTANT
TO YOU‐‐FOR DANIEL, OF COURSE.
I'M NOT BAILING.
IT'S JUST...
HIS WIFE DIED,
AND HE'S NOT DOING SO WELL.
AND I DON'T THINK
HE SHOULD BE ALONE,
SO I'M JUST GONNA WORK
FROM HERE,
AND I'LL GET THERE
AS SOON AS I CAN.
BETTY, THIS IS
YOUR CONCEPT MEETING.
YEAH, BETTY,
THANKS A BUNCH.
WELL,
CAN YOU JUST RUN IT?
I mean, you know
what the concept is.
FINE.
I GUESS YOUR NEW JOB JUST CAN'T
COMPETE WITH YOUR OLD ONE.
(beep)
GOOD NEWS. I CAN STAY
A LITTLE LONGER.
OH, BETTY,
I CAN'T ASK YOU‐‐
YOU DON'T HAVE TO ASK.
(Ingrid Michaelson's
"Be Ok" playing)
♪ I JUST WANT TO BE OK,
BE OK, BE OK ♪
♪ I JUST WANT
TO BE OK TODAY ♪
♪ I JUST WANT TO BE OK,
BE OK, BE OK ♪
♪ I JUST WANT
TO BE OK TODAY ♪
♪ OPEN ME UP
AND YOU WILL SEE ♪
♪ I'M A GALLERY
OF BROKEN HEARTS ♪
♪ I'M BEYOND REPAIR,
LET ME BE ♪
♪ AND GIVE ME BACK
MY BROKEN PARTS ♪
♪ KNOW THAT MAYBE ♪
♪ I WILL BE OK ♪
(telephone rings)
(beep)
"MODE" MAGAZINE, PLEASE HOLD.
YOU HUNG UP ON THEM,
RIGHT?
TOTALLY. (laughs)
THAT FELT SO GOOD.
THANKS SO MUCH
FOR LETTING ME DO THIS.
IT REALLY TAKES ME BACK.
(laughs)
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT
YOU WERE A RECEPTIONIST, TOO.
BEST 20 YEARS OF MY LIFE.
YOU KNOW, BEING THE FACE
OF THE COMPANY...
(chuckles) DECIDING WHO
GETS TO COME IN AND WHO LE‐‐
WELL, YOU KNOW.
YEAH. I PRETTY MUCH
RUN THIS PLACE.
MM.
SO WHY'D YOU GIVE IT UP?
OH, I DIDN'T...
EXACTLY.
I GUESS ONE DAY,
PEOPLE DECIDED THAT...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'LL FIND OUT.
WAIT, NO. TELL ME.
THERE JUST COMES A TIME
WHEN THEY DON'T WANT YOURS
TO BE THE FIRST FACE
THAT PEOPLE SEE ANYMORE.
SO WHAT DO YOU DO THEN?
THIS.
(chuckles) I MEAN, MY LIFE
IS STILL THE SAME, HON.
I STILL DO AS LITTLE WORK
AS I HAVE TO
AND GO OUT EVERY NIGHT,
MEET PEOPLE.
(laughs) YEAH.
I'M NOT WORRIED.
OOH,
SOMEONE WILL MARRY ME...
OR MAKE ME A PART
OF THEIR ENTOURAGE
OR, OR, OOH! UH...
MAKE A REALITY SHOW ABOUT ME.
(chuckles) IT'S ALL GOOD.
(chuckles)
OOH, YOU KNOW WHAT? I GOTTA
TINKS... (whispers) SORRY.
(keyboard keys clicking)
I JUST TRIED
TO TALK TO JUSTIN,
AND HE WASN'T SAYING MUCH.
HAS HE, UH,
TALKED TO YOU YET?
NO.
HE SAYS
I DON'T UNDERSTAND HIM.
HMM.
BUT BELLA SANTORINI
IS GONNA FIX ALL OF THAT.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I CREATED
A FAKE ONLINE PROFILE.
BELLA FRIENDED JUSTIN,
AND IF HE ACCEPTS,
I HAVE MY WAY IN.
(sighs)
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
WELL, WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
HE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK TO ME,
SO I THOUGHT
THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA.
HILDA, THIS IS NOT
A HILARY DUFF MOVIE.
WHAT? JUSTIN HAD THAT
HILARY/HAYLIE PERIOD,
AND MAYBE I'D WATCH, TOO.
THOSE GIRLS
ARE VERY TALENTED.
WELL, I...
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
WE WERE ALWAYS SO CLOSE,
YOU KNOW?
AND NOW
EVERYTHING IS CHANGING,
AND IT'S LIKE I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE NEEDS
OR HOW TO HELP HIM.
(sighs)
THAT'S EXACTLY HOW I FELT
WHEN YOU WERE A TEENAGER.
AND BELIEVE ME, YOU LET ME KNOW
PLENTY OF TIMES‐‐
AND IN COLORFUL LANGUAGE‐‐
THAT I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND YOU.
(chuckles)
SO WHAT DID YOU DO?
YOU DON'T REMEMBER?
THERE WERE SOME YEARS
YOU BARELY TALKED TO ME, MIJA.
MM.
THIS IS BEING A PARENT.
I WISH I COULD TELL YOU
THERE WAS AN EASY SOLUTION.
WELL, I CAN'T DO THIS.
OH, NICO, CALM DOWN.
I CAN'T CALM DOWN, MOM!
I DON'T WANT TO TALK
TO A DETECTIVE ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED THAT NIGHT!
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO TALK
TO THE DETECTIVE.
NO, MOM.
I CAN'T GO BACK THERE.
I DON'T WANT TO
REMEMBER IT.
IT WAS JONATHAN.
WE WERE ON HIS BOAT
AND HE‐‐HE WAS YELLING AT ME.
WELL, WHY WAS HE
YELLING AT YOU?
I DON'T KNOW!
WELL, THINK.
HE JUST... (stammers)
SOMETIMES THINGS SET HIM OFF.
BUT THIS TIME WAS DIFFERENT.
HE GRABBED ME AND HE HIT ME.
(voice breaking) HE JUST KEPT
HITTING ME. I WAS SO SCARED.
W‐‐
I GRABBED SOMETHING
TO DEFEND MYSELF‐‐ANYTHING!
AND I STARTED HITTING HIM BACK,
AGAIN AND AGAIN.
(thudding)
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO,
SO I...
I PUSHED HIM.
OVER THE EDGE.
AND HE DIDN'T COME UP.
NICO, I KNOW IT'S HARD,
BUT WE WILL GET THROUGH THIS.
AND YOU WILL NEVER HAVE TO
RELIVE THAT NIGHT AGAIN,
BECAUSE WE WILL INVENT
A NEW ONE.
(sighs)
(gasps)
OH, MY GOD!
♪♪♪
(man) ♪ NOW LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF ♪
♪♪♪
(camera shutters clicking)
I'M SORRY.
WE ARE WAY BEYOND "SORRY"
AT THIS POINT, BETTY.
YEAH, WELL, I DON'T KNOW WHAT
ELSE TO SAY. AND I AM SORRY.
LOOK, THERE'S NO TIME.
WE'VE GOT A BIG PROBLEM
WITH ROBERTO DiPAOLO.
HE'S THREATENING TO WALK.
WHAT?!
I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM.
EVERYTHING IS FANTASTIC.
AND‐‐AND WHAT AN HONOR TO BE
HERE AT THE UNITED NATIONS.
(chuckles)
OH. GREAT.
WELL, IF THERE IS ANYTHING
YOU NEED, JUST LET ME KNOW.
OH, OF COURSE.
MMM, YOU ARE SUCH A DARLING!
(giggles)
UH, AND I LOVE ALL
THE‐‐THE THINGS GOING ON HERE.
OH, THANK YOU.
(chuckles)
ROBERTO IS NOT HAPPY.
UM, HE SEEMED OKAY‐‐
NO, NOT HAPPY! ROBERTO DOESN'T
LIKE TO BE THE BAD GUY.
HE HIRED ME
TO BE UNHAPPY FOR HIM.
OH.
SO WHY DON'T YOU TAKE ME THROUGH
WHAT YOU WERE DOING
THE NIGHT OF YOUR
BOYFRIEND'S DISAPPEARANCE?
GO AHEAD, NICO.
WE HAVE NO SECRETS.
WELL, UM, WE WERE BOTH
KIND OF DEPRESSED.
UH, JONATHAN HAD JUST DUMPED ME.
MY MOM RECENTLY LOST A CHILD.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
YES, BUT WE MOVE ON,
WHICH IS WHY NICO AND I WANTED
TO SPEND SOME "US" TIME‐‐
A NIGHT WHERE WE COULD JUST
FORGET ABOUT EVERYTHING ELSE.
WE STARTED BY GOING TO SEE
"THE PROPOSAL."
(Wilhelmina chuckles)
OH, DID WE LAUGH...
(Nico chuckles)
AND CRIED.
AND THEN WE WENT TO SERENDIPITY
FOR FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATES.
WOMEN WILL DO ANYTHING
TO GET THEIR CHOCOLATE.
(chuckles)
AND THEN WE CAME HOME
AND WATCHED
A "GILMORE GIRLS" MARATHON
UNTIL WE FELL ASLEEP.
WE'RE JUST LIKE THAT.
EXCEPT THEY TALK SO FAST.
(laughs) I SWEAR,
THEY MAKE ME DIZZY.
AND I HAD JUST STOPPED
BEING SEASICK. (chuckles)
SEASICK?
WHY WERE YOU SEASICK?
UM, I...
WE TOOK A WATER TAXI
TO SEE THE CITY AT NIGHT.
YES, I KNOW IT SOUNDS
LIKE A ROMANTIC THING,
BUT WE DIDN'T CARE.
SOMETIMES YOU JUST NEED TO
DO THOSE KIND OF THINGS
FOR YOURSELF.
OKAY.
I THINK I HAVE
ALL THAT I NEED FOR NOW.
I'LL BE IN TOUCH.
THANK YOU, LADIES.
YEAH, I DID
DiPAOLO'S CONTRACTS‐‐
THAT WAS WHAT YOU
ASKED ME TO DO.
OKAY, GREAT. WELL, THERE'S
A PROBLEM WITH HIS RIDER.
THERE'S SUPPOSED TO BE
AN ASSORTMENT
OF FUN‐SIZED CHOCOLATES IN HIS
GREENROOM, BUT APPARENTLY‐‐
BETTY, YOU ASKED ME
TO DO HIS PAPERWORK,
NOT GO SHOPPING FOR SNACKS.
RIGHT. BUT I THOUGHT YOU WOULD
JUST, YOU KNOW, DO IT.
OKAY, IT'S DARLING
THAT YOU THOUGHT THIS SHOOT
WOULD SOMEHOW COME TOGETHER
WITHOUT YOU TO GUIDE IT.
I'VE BEEN GUIDING IT.
OF COURSE YOU HAVE.
SOME FRIENDLY ADVICE
FROM A SENIOR EDITOR‐‐
NO ONE IS YOUR FRIEND. IF YOU
WANT SOMETHING DONE RIGHT,
YOU DO IT YOURSELF.
I COULD'VE GIVEN YOU
THIS ADVICE LAST NIGHT
WHILE WE WERE WORKING LATE,
BUT...
WHERE WERE YOU AGAIN?
OKAY,
YOU MADE YOUR POINT.
(arguing in Russian)
WHAT‐‐
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?
I WOULDN'T KNOW.
I DON'T SPEAK RUSSIAN,
AND I DON'T THINK
THOSE TWO SPEAK ANY ENGLISH.
UM, LADIES, EXCUSE ME?
LADIES?
SHUSH!
(arguing continues)
UH, WHERE'S SUZANNE?
SHE'S IN CHARGE OF MODELS.
OVER THERE.
SUZANNE!
NOW I KNOW YOU ASKED HER
TO BOOK INTERNATIONAL MODELS.
DID YOU ASK HER
TO BOOK INTERPRETERS, TOO?
WHAT? INTER‐‐WHAT?
(arguing continues)
UM, OLGA, NO. NO HITTING!
PLEASE, YOU'RE GONNA
TEAR THE DRESSES. SUZANNE!
I MEAN, SHE WAS
A RECEPTIONIST JUST LIKE ME,
AND NOW THE HIGHLIGHT
OF HER DAY IS GETTING GROPED
BY SERGE THE DOORMAN?
THAT'S THE HIGHLIGHT
OF YOUR DAY.
I KNOW.
MANDY, LOOK.
WE'VE DISCUSSED THIS.
WHEN YOUR LOOKS START TO GO,
WE ARE BUYING YOU NEW ONES.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
BUT IT'S NOT JUST THAT.
I GUESS I ASSUMED
THINGS WOULD ALWAYS COME TO ME
BECAUSE I'M PRETTY.
WELL, AS LONG AS PEOPLE
ONLY LOOK AT YOUR LEFT SIDE,
THEY WILL.
BUT WHAT IF
THEY DON'T, MARC?
WHAT IF THINGS
DON'T JUST COME TO ME?
WHAT IF I
HAVE TO GO TO THINGS?
I THINK I WANT
MORE THAN THIS.
I CAN'T BE
A RECEPTIONIST FOREVER.
OH, MY GOD.
THIS IS REALLY HUGE.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
(sighs) I'M GONNA SEND
THE PHONES TO VOICE MAIL
AND GO DRINK MY FACE OFF.
HEY, MARC. HI. CAN I TALK
TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
THAT DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH
FINGER‐WAGGING AND LIP‐SMACKING
THERE'S GOING TO BE.
NONE, UNLESS YOU
KEEP THAT UP. STOP!
(sighs)
SORRY, I'M JUST...
I'M HERE TO
TALK ABOUT JUSTIN.
I HAVEN'T
SAID A WORD TO HIM.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I NEED YOUR HELP. (sighs)
I NEED YOU TO
HELP ME FIGURE OUT
HOW TO GET JUSTIN TO
START TALKING TO ME AGAIN.
WELL, THAT'S YOUR
FIRST MISTAKE. (chuckles)
HE ONLY CAME TO ME
BECAUSE HE WANTS
TO TALK TO SOMEONE
WHO UNDERSTANDS HIM.
I UNDERSTAND HIM.
HE JUST THINKS THAT I DON'T.
YOU'RE HIS MOM.
SO?
THERE ARE A COUPLE OF AREAS
WHERE... I HAVE AN EDGE.
(sighs)
WELL, IT'S JUST...
IT'S NOT EASY TO SEE YOUR SON
GOING THROUGH SOMETHING
SO HARD,
AND I WANT
TO DO SOMETHING.
WELL, YOU CARE ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENS TO HIM.
NOT EVERYBODY HAS THAT.
(sighs)
WELL, DO YOU THINK MAYBE
YOU COULD TALK TO HIM?
I MEAN, IF HE‐‐
IF HE COMES TO YOU AGAIN?
YEAH, I COULD DO THAT.
(whispers) OKAY.
(normal voice) OH, UH, JUST...
IF IT'S SOMETHING REALLY BIG,
MAYBE YOU COULD TELL ME?
OH.
WELL, I‐I‐‐
YEAH, I COULD DO THAT.
OKAY.
(arguing in Russian)
(speaks Russian)
THEY ARE FROM
DIFFERENT COUNTRIES.
OLGA'S FROM GEORGIA,
AND TATIANA'S FROM RUSSIA.
OH. OKAY, SO‐‐
SO THEY'RE FIGHTING
BECAUSE THEIR COUNTRIES
ARE AT WAR?
(speaks Russian)
SHE'S SAYING,
"THAT BITCH STOLE MY BOYFRIEND."
(speaks Russian)
"I WILL KILL YOU,
YOU INSECT‐RIDDEN WHORE."
OKAY, I GET THE PICTURE.
THANK YOU.
BETTY,
HOW'S EVERYTHING GOING?
HEY! GREAT! GOOD!
(women arguing in Russian)
WHAT'S GOING ON THERE?
OH, NOTHING.
THEY'RE JUST HUNGRY.
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE
AND LOOKING RESTED.
OH, THANK YOU, AGAIN,
FOR LAST NIGHT.
DON'T MENTION IT. WOULD YOU
EXCUSE ME JUST ONE SECOND?
UH‐HUH.
CAN YOU TELL YOUR FRIEND
I HAVE TO GO BACK
TO THE NUCLEAR DISARMAMENT
TALKS?
(women continue arguing)
MAYBE TURN IT A LITTLE BIT
THIS WAY SO THE STINGERS‐‐
WHERE DID THAT THING
COME FROM?
THIS IS A PHOTO SHOOT
ABOUT MALARIA.
WHICH IS
CAUSED BY MOSQUITOES.
SO WHY DO YOU WANT
A SMILING MOSQUITO?
IS HE HAPPY BECAUSE
HE CAUSED SOME MALARIA?
THIS IS YOUR CONCEPT,
BETTY‐‐MOSQUITOES, MALARIA,
BUT ALSO HAPPY. THAT'S WHAT
YOU SAID, REMEMBER?
I DIDN'T SAY
HAPPY MOSQUITOES!
WHO WANTS TO SEE
AN ANGRY MOSQUITO?
A MOSQUITO AT ALL?!
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU WEREN'T
THERE AT THE CONCEPT MEETING,
SO DON'T BLAME ME
IF YOU LET SOMETHING SLIP
THROUGH THE CRACKS.
MATT, YOU KNOW
I WAS HELPING DANIEL.
EXACTLY. AND THAT IS WHY
YOU HAVE A SMILING MOSQUITO
AT YOUR PHOTO SHOOT.
YOU HAPPY NOW?
NO, I'M NOT‐‐
UNLIKE THAT MOSQUITO.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I DON'T KNOW
WHY I'M SURPRISED.
I MEAN, THIS IS
TOTALLY TYPICAL OF YOU.
YOU MAKE A BIG COMMITMENT
AND THEN JUST ABANDON IT
AT THE LAST MINUTE.
THAT IS SO UNFAIR.
WE'RE NOT EVEN TALKING ABOUT
THE SHOOT ANYMORE.
YES, WE ARE! I AM SUPPOSED
TO BE YOUR BOSS‐‐ME.
YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN HERE,
NOT OUT WITH DANIEL
DOING WHATEVER.
YOU'RE NOT
HIS ASSISTANT ANYMORE.
AND, YOU KNOW, WHAT WERE YOU
DOING ALL NIGHT, HUH?
ARE YOU TWO, UH,
SLEEPING TOGETHER NOW, TOO?
(thud)
(Betty gasps)
OW! (groans)
(heart beating loudly)
(camera shutters clicking)
(heartbeat intensifies)
(women arguing in Russian)
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO
WITH THESE GIRLS.
LADIES, PLEASE!
PLEASE! THAT IS EXPENSIVE!
(arguing intensifies)
I'M SORRY, MR. DiPAOLO. PLEASE
DON'T GO. WE CAN FIX THIS.
I CAN GET DIFFERENT MODELS.
(mouths words)
DON'T LEAVE!
(everyone shouting
over each other)
LADIES! I NEED YOU
TO STOP RIGHT NOW!
IS THERE ANYBODY HERE WHO CAN
HELP ME WITH THESE MODELS?!
ANYBODY?!
(banging)
WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON HERE?!
(objects clatter)
I CAN EXPLAIN.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHY I ASKED THAT QUESTION.
I DON'T CARE.
YOUR SHOOT IS FALLING APART‐‐
YOUR SHOOT FOR MY MAGAZINE!
IT'S MY MAGAZINE, TOO,
WILHELMINA.
WELL, THEN START ACTING LIKE IT.
YOU'RE PUNCHING OUT
YOUR EMPLOYEES.
EVEN I KNOW NOT TO DO THAT
IN PUBLIC, DANIEL.
I'M THROWING YOU BOTH OUT.
(Betty and Daniel) WHAT?!
I'M TAKING OVER THE SHOOT.
YOU'RE BOTH LEAVING,
AND WE'RE LOSING THAT
RIDICULOUS MOSQUITO!
THAT WAS‐‐
THAT WAS BETTY'S IDEA.
YOU CAN'T THROW ME OUT,
WILHELMINA. AND I'M SURE AS HELL
NOT GONNA LET YOU THROW BETTY
OUT OF HER OWN SHOOT.
DANIEL‐‐
NO, LET ME FINISH. YOU HAVE TO
UNDERSTAND ONE THING‐‐
YOU MESS WITH BETTY, YOU'RE
MESSING WITH ME. YOU GOT IT?
THAT GOES FOR
EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU!
DANIEL, PLEASE STOP.
(sighs) WE'LL LEAVE.
WHAT?!
SHE'S RIGHT.
YOU JUST ASSAULTED SOMEBODY.
THEY COULD ARREST YOU,
SO LET'S JUST GO.
(sighs)
I'M SORRY, WILHELMINA.
I AM, TOO.
I HAD HOPED
THAT YOU WERE CHANGING,
BUT OBVIOUSLY, I WAS WRONG.
(John Henson laughs)
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
(John Anderson)
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
COUNT 'EM‐‐
FIVE MOTIVATIONS!
MIND IF I JOIN YOU?
OR IS "WIPEOUT" SOMETHING
YOU NEED TO DO ALONE?
(John Henson) THREE, FOUR‐‐
(tv clicks off)
(clears throat)
HOW'S EVERYTHING AT SCHOOL?
YEAH, IT'S FINE.
GOOD.
BUT IF IT'S EVER NOT FINE,
AND YOU NEED SOMEONE
TO TALK TO‐‐NOT ME‐‐
YOU KNOW, IT'S FINE.
I TALKED TO MARC.
YEAH. SO EVERYTHING'S...
EVERYTHING'S OKAY.
(sighs) I AM SORRY
THAT I STUCK MY NOSE
IN YOUR BUSINESS.
IT'S JUST...
I WORRY ABOUT YOU.
I KNOW.
BUT YOU'RE GROWING UP,
AND I CAN'T TELL YOU
WHO TO BE FRIENDS WITH,
WHO TO CONFIDE IN.
I JUST HOPE THAT YOU KNOW
THAT IF YOU EVER DO NEED
SOMEONE TO TALK TO,
YOU CAN TALK TO ME.
EVEN IF I DON'T...
UNDERSTAND YOU.
OKAY.
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE HIT MATT
LIKE THAT, YOU KNOW?
YEAH, WELL,
HE WAS BEING A JERK.
YEAH, THAT MIGHT BE,
BUT YOU STILL
SHOULDN'T HAVE PUNCHED HIM.
(chuckles)
OKAY.
THEN WHY ARE YOU SMILING?
FINE! I CAN'T HELP IT.
HE WAS BEING A JERK.
HE DESERVED IT.
BUT IT STILL WASN'T
THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
(sighs) LOOK, I KNOW.
I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
I‐I MESSED UP.
DANIEL, I'VE BEEN
WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
EVER SINCE YOU GOT BACK TO
NEW YORK, IT'S LIKE YOU'RE...
ANGRY?
YEAH.
(sighs) I AM ANGRY.
BETTY, I'M...
I'M SO ANGRY AT MYSELF.
I'M ANGRY I COULDN'T...
HELP...
MOLLY.
WHEN YOU TOLD ME WHAT WAS
GOING ON AT THE OFFICE,
I‐I GUESS I JUST THOUGHT,
FINALLY, I COULD HELP SOMEONE.
DANIEL‐‐
I KNOW
I SHOULDN'T HAVE HIT MATT,
BUT I'M SO TIRED...
OF FEELING HELPLESS.
I THINK YOU NEED
TO TALK TO SOMEONE.
LOOK, NOT‐‐
NOT YOUR FAMILY,
MAYBE NOT ME,
JUST... JUST SOMEONE.
LISTEN... (clears throat)
I THINK YOU MIGHT HAVE
MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU DECIDED TO HELP ME
INSTEAD OF DOING YOUR JOB.
YOU'RE NOT
MY ASSISTANT ANYMORE.
THINGS ARE CHANGING,
FOR BOTH OF US.
WE HAVE TO ACCEPT THAT.
WELL, WHAT IF I DON'T
WANT 'EM TO CHANGE?
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU WANT
THEM TO CHANGE?
THEY COULD GET BETTER.
I GUESS. I JU‐‐
I JUST DON'T WANT
TO LOSE WHO I AM.
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU ARE NOT THE SAME PERSON
I MET THREE YEARS AGO.
BETTY,
YOU'VE ALREADY CHANGED.
BUT YOU'RE STILL YOU.
SO...
HOW DOES THIS WORK NOW,
YOU AND ME?
WE'RE NOT "BOSS"
AND "ASSISTANT" ANYMORE.
NO.
WE'RE FRIENDS.
FRIENDS.
(clicks computer key)
MM.
(click)
GOOD MORNING.
YOU ARE NOT GONNA
BELIEVE IT.
I MADE MY VERY FIRST
HOUSE CALL.
IT'S LIKE I'M A DOCTOR,
YOU KNOW, BUT FOR HAIR.
AW, MAN.
OH, YOUR GLASSES
BROKE AGAIN?
YEAH.
MM.
I'LL GET YOU SOME TAPE.
OH, HEY. DO YOU WANT ME
TO CUT YOUR BANGS?
UM...
NO.
I THINK I'M OKAY.
I MIGHT TRY
SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
WELL, ALL RIGHT.
(Cobra Starship) ♪ I'LL MAKE
THEM GOOD GIRLS GO BAD ♪
♪ I'LL MAKE
THEM GOOD GIRLS GO ♪
(camera shutter clicks)
♪ I'LL MAKE THEM
GOOD GIRLS GO BAD ♪
♪ I'LL MAKE
THEM GOOD GIRLS GO ♪
♪ GOOD GIRLS GO BAD ♪
♪ I KNOW YOUR TYPE ♪
♪ YOUR TYPE ♪
♪ YOU'RE DADDY'S LITTLE GIRL ♪
♪ JUST TAKE A BITE ♪
♪ ONE BITE ♪
♪ LET ME SHAKE UP YOUR WORLD ♪
♪ 'CAUSE JUST ONE NIGHT
COULDN'T BE SO WRONG ♪
♪ I'M GONNA MAKE YOU
LOSE CONTROL ♪
GOOD MORNING, AMANDA.
SOMETHING'S DIFFERENT.
(gasps)
YOU GOT YOUR BRACES OFF!
NO, I DIDN'T.
(gasps) OH, YOU SHAVED.
BETTY.
(camera phone shutter clicks)
(giggles)
OH,
IT'S NOT THAT FUNNY.
HI, SWEETIE.
HEY, BABE.
HEY, ARE YOU LEAVING?
YEAH, THEY KIND OF
FIRED ME YESTERDAY,
BUT I JUST CAME BY
TO PICK UP SOME OF MY STUFF.
BUT YOU'RE A TEMP.
YOU DON'T HAVE STUFF.
WELL, I DO NOW.
(gasps) OH, HEY, WAIT.
IN CASE YOU MISS IT.
THANKS.
(telephone rings)
THAT'S, LIKE, THE NICEST THING
ANYONE'S EVER GOTTEN ME!
(rings and beeps)
HELLO, "MODE" MAGAZINE.
(laughs)
(mouths words)
NO, UH, I DON'T KNOW
WHERE SHE WENT. I...
I'M SORRY
THAT DANIEL HIT YOU.
YEAH, ME, TOO.
AND I'M ALSO REALLY SORRY
THAT THE U. N. SHOOT
ALMOST FELL APART.
I TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THAT,
AND I PROMISE,
IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN.
I HOPE NOT.
YOU KNOW, MATT,
I WILL ALWAYS REGRET
WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN US.
I MADE A MISTAKE,
AND I CAN'T CHANGE IT.
BUT I HAVE TO MOVE ON NOW.
I'VE WORKED VERY HARD
TO GET TO WHERE I AM NOW,
AND I'M NOT ABOUT
TO GIVE UP.
OH, AND FOR WHATEVER
IT'S WORTH,
DANIEL WON'T BE INTERFERING
ON MY BEHALF ANYMORE.
I CAN FIGHT MY OWN BATTLES.
SO, UH, NEXT TIME,
YOU'RE GONNA HIT ME?
YEAH.
NO, NO, NO.
IT'S OUR PLEASURE.
NICO AND I WANT TO GET TO
THE BOTTOM OF THIS MYSTERY
AS MUCH AS YOU DO.
THANKS.
HE BOUGHT OUR STORY.
OH, THANK GOD.
THAT'S SUCH A RELIEF.
WELL,
IT'S A GOOD FIRST STEP,
BUT WE CAN NEVER
LET OUR GUARD DOWN.
THAT'S WHEN
YOU GET INTO TROUBLE.
YOU GOT A DELIVERY
WHILE YOU WERE OUT.
I SIGNED FOR IT, SO I HOPE
IT'S NOTHING ILLEGAL.
OH, MY GOSH!
I FINALLY FOUND
SOME FASHION‐RELATED DECOR
FOR OUR OFFICE.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
(rustling)
(Annie Lennox's "Little Bird"
playing)
THAT'S FASHION‐RELATED?
MM‐HMM.
♪ I LOOK UP TO THE... ♪
♪ LITTLE BIRD ♪
♪ THAT GLIDES ♪
♪ ACROSS THE SKY ♪
BETTY, DO YOU WANT A RIDE?
ACTUALLY, I HAVE MY OWN.
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU'RE AN EDITOR
AND YOU WORK LATE,
YOU GET YOUR OWN TOWN CAR.
NOT SO BAD, IS IT?
NOPE.
♪ ...WANT TO CRY ♪
HEY,
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
♪ ...TO FLY AWAY FROM HERE,
YEAH ♪
♪ BUT MY, MY,
I FEEL SO LOW ♪
♪ MY, MY,
OH, WHERE DO I GO? ♪
♪ I GOT A FEELING THAT
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN BLESSED ♪
♪ SO I'VE JUST GOT TO PUT ♪
♪ THESE WINGS TO THE TEST ♪
♪ WHOO, WHOO ♪
♪ UH‐HUH ♪